0.  According to Merriam-Webster Dictionary, pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis is "a pneumoconiosis caused by inhalation of very fine silicate or quartz dust."
1.  According to the man page (found through the Linux command line), getrusage returns resource usage measures for a certain process, which can be either including all threads in the process, only the children of the calling process, or only the calling thread.
2.  There are 16 members in a variable of type struct rusage, 2 are of type struct timeval while the rest are of type long.
3.  We pass them by reference because we are accessing only certain members of before and after for their values. Passing in the value of the entire struct uses too much unnecessary memory and time.
4.  The for loop starts by using fgetc to consume one character from the text file and assigning it to the variable c, and it will continue to consume one character for each loop until it reaches the end of the file. The program then proceeds into one of the three conditions. The first condition denotes a character (or an apostrophe), which allows the program to add the character into the word array; and if the index exceeds the maximum length of a word, then the word saved so far is discarded, and the pointer would skip to the beginning of the next word. In the second case, the character read is a number instead of an alphabet, so the the sequence of numbers will be discarded until the program reads a space or some kind of separation character. In the third case, we reach the end of a word, and the word is evaluated if it is mispelled or not. The time used on the process is also calculated. This will continue until the end of the text file is reached. 
5.  Using fscanf requires some kind of format specifiers, which means that we would have to cover every non-alphabetical character in that format specifier in order to use scanf to find real words that we actually want. Furthermore, using scanf has the risk of taking in too many characters to the extent that the program may crash, if no format specifier is encountered during the process.
6.  By declaring the parameter as const, we can prevent making any accidental changes to the data that we are reading, which would be the word for check and the dictionary for load.
